IELKO WP MEDIA MANAGER

Purpose of this plugin :

Manage remote or local media from a wordpress installation and provide xml feeds. Also currently a roku and tvos app is generated using a third party open source project automatically from the same interface.

Installation instructions :

Just copy the plugin in the plugins folder and activate it from the wordpress menu. There is another plugin dependency not included with the plugin "category images". You will receive notice if you do not have it and be prompted to install it from the wordpress menu.

Usage :

Assuming your wordpress installation is at : http://mywordpress.com/

STEP 1 : Add media sources using the Ielko Media menu on the left, as if you were creating a new wordpress post. Complete the title of the media (for example "my awesome video"), and at least the source (for example http://mydomain.com/my_awesome_video.mp4). The source could be on your local wordpress installation or anywhere else (For example remote m3u8 files).

You will NEED to define a category for each item you create, and you can upload an image for the categories using the interface. (That is where the extra plugin is needed)

STEP 2 : Complete the fields on the plugin's setting page found just after the custom type. Those fields are mainly images and titles of your generated application.

STEP 3 : Download your ROKU app by clicking the link in the settings page (make sure pop up blockers are disabled)

STEP 4 : Download your TVOS app by clicking the link in the settings page (make sure pop up blockers are disabled)

STEP 5 : Feeds :

Your ROKU feed is accessible from http://mywordpress.com/?feed=roku

Your TVOS feed is accessible from http://mywordpress.com/?feed=tvos

Notes :

Note that this is still in beta mode. The roku app should work ok provided you complete the fields bellow. the tvos app, will compile fine on your mac and will run fine on the simulator or your tvos device as soon as you press play, but I have not created the logic to incorporate the media assets yet, so you will just see some images (splash screens, icons) from an existing app I am using.

To do :

Add more players for lg, samsung, android, ios

Add more feed types for compatibility with kodi, plex channels, vlc etc

Create a matching template so that there is a full website using the links in the same wordpress installation

Download the plugin : here